Okay. turn left up here.
And can you step on the gas
a little?
Hey!
Off the gas!
Does somebody else
want to drive here?
Phoebe. the demon
is not waiting around
for us to come and vanquish him.
We don't even know if we have
the power to vanquish him.
Scrying for random evil
tells us nothing.
It tells us
where the demons are.
and since we vanquished two
already this week.
I'd say
it's working pretty well.
Yeah. thanks to Cole
for saving our butts.
Two witches
and a half a demon does not
the Power of Three make.
So what are we supposed to do.
sit around
and wait for them
to pick us all off?
If we weren't going after them.
they'd be coming after us.
They're coming after you
anyway. Piper.
The Source is coming after you.
And we won't be ready for him.
because instead of teaching
Paige how to be a witch.
we are out hunting
for every Tom. Dick and...
Beelzebub in San Francisco.
Speaking of. do we have any kind
of plan here or...?
The plan is to vanquish
the demon.
Great. Any chance you've
mastered your powers.
or are you still freezing
and exploding at random?
Random.
But you know what they say...
There's nothing like
field practice. Turn here!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Stop!
Hey. big scary demon.
Huh?
He's gonna blow!
Next!
♪ I am the son ♪
♪ And the heir ♪
♪ I am human
and I need to be loved ♪
♪ Just like
everybody else does ♪
♪ See. I've already waited
too long ♪
♪ And all my hope is gone. ♪
♪ Today ♪
♪ Like any day ♪
♪ Roll out of bed ♪
♪ Talked on the telephone ♪
♪ Went to the doctor ♪
♪ She said. "You're okay" ♪
♪ Still I wonder ♪
♪ Who am I? ♪
♪ Who am I...? ♪
"Throughout history. witches
have been misunderstood.
"persecuted and destroyed.
"The public hanging.
drowning and burning
"of women suspected
of witchcraft
"is a far more recent chapter
of our history
than most people realize."
Paige!
Yeah?
What's the hold-up
on the O'Brien application?
Well. at the moment.
the only hold-up is
my boss is standing over me.
distracting me from my work.
Nice teeth.
Have it on my desk by noon.
Lila!
What's the O'Brien application?
Adam O'Brien?
The foster kid
we're trying
to get into the boarding school?
Oh. my God.
The scholarship application
is due. like. today.
I'm so lame.
Aw. Billy. I thought
I told you to throw anything
from creditors in the trash.
Hi... pizza-face.
Look. I understand
how difficult it is
to tear yourself away
from the cleavage
in this section.
but I'm gonna need
my mail sometime today.
okay?
No problem.
Go. go.
Nice rug.
What the hell!
- Look at him!
- What happened to his hair.
I didn't know he was bald!
Oh. I know that
you're happy that
we got him Piper.
but is it entirely necessary
to disfigure The Book?
Hmm. this one could incinerate
human flesh with his eyes.
That must sting.
You think that's funny?
You could have gotten yourself
killed. you understand that?
Yes. Cole. I understand
"killed" very well.
Then why would you
want to keep risking
your life and Phoebe's?
Not to mention mine.
There's a legion of
bounty hunters on my ass.
I'm supposed to be
laying low. but instead.
I'm out protecting you guys!
You know what. Cole?
Next time you can stay home.
If you insist on taking these
suicide missions. you force me
to be there. because there's
no way in hell I am
about to let Phoebe
lose another sister.
Why don't you go see
who's at the door for us. okay?
Sure.
If it's the Source.
I'll just ask him
to come back later.
We need to talk.
Piper. Cole's right.
We have a system
for fighting demons.
and it's worked pretty well
for the last three years.
I think. uh. Prue being killed
counts as a pretty big
glitch in the system.
I know that
you're angry... I am angry. too.
Then why are you
fighting me on this?
What is the problem with
getting a little proactive?
Because we're not ready
to get proactive.
that's what's wrong with it.
We're barely ready for
anything right now.
I mean. just dealing
with our everyday.
normal lives is hard enough.
That is precisely the point.
The faster we get rid
of these demons.
the faster we can get back
to our everyday. normal lives.
or at least
what is left of them.
Knock. knock.
I. uh...
I'm sorry to just
drop by without
calling.
Uh. it's okay.
don't worry about it.
I don't know exactly
why I'm here.
I'm just kind of
having a hard time
being surrounded
by people and...
And not be able
to tell them that
you can move things
with your mind?
It does not exactly
roll off the tongue.
Yeah. Well. being a witch
is tough on friendships.
That's why the whole
sister thing comes in
so handy.
What are you doing?
Um...
it's a little chatty up here.
so I'm gonna go scry
for evil in my room.
Scry?
Yeah.
uh... Phoebe will explain.
I'll see you later.
It's kind of like a. um...
supernatural LoJack.
Well. why don't you
just use that big book?
I mean. it is a book
of spells. right?
Oh. it's a lot more than that.
It's kind of hard to explain.
It looks so old.
Yeah. It has
survived a lot.
Fortunately. it protects itself
from evil.
It protects itself? How?
Magic.
May I?
Yeah. Technically
it's yours. too.
I would walk you through it
right now. but I have
to go talk to Cole.
Well. maybe I could just
take it back to my office.
Oh. no. no. no.
No. It doesn't
leave the house.
But just feel free
to thumb through it. and then
I'll be back in a few minutes.
This could solve
a lot of problems.
What? What is it?
What's wrong?
You've got to talk to your wife.
Okay. Cole. remember what I said
about being gentle?
What about my wife?
She's out of control.
Cole!
What?
It's just we're very worried
about her.
What happened?
She's very. very angry.
Well. of course she's angry...
she's grieving.
Right.
And if she were punching walls.
I would happily call
a repairman...
The problem is.
she prefers to punch demons.
Well. I'll talk to her.
She has no regard
for her own life.
or anyone else's.
She's Charles Bronson cubed.
I said I'd talk to her.
Guys. guys...
Who is Charles Bronson?
Never mind.
Can we please just have
a minute alone?
- Sure.
- Thank you.
Uh. it's not just that
she's violent. Leo;
she's acting nothing
like herself.
She's completely dismissive
of Paige.
and...
I don't know what to do anymore.
Strange. isn't it?
Now on top of everything else.
you have to play
the middle sister.
when you've always been
the. uh...
Screw-up?
The youngest.
Yeah. I look at Paige and Piper.
it makes me think back
to all those times
that Piper had
to play mediator
between me and Prue.
Not a lot of fun. huh?
It's not a job I
would have asked for.
and I'm not sure it's a job
I'm gonna be any good at.
But... I just...
I don't have time to really
worry about it right now.
I'll talk to her.
Thanks. Leo.
Not to rush this tender moment.
but she's already
started scrying.
Oh!
I didn't mean
you couldn't use the stairs!
Okay. book. protect yourself.
Paige!
I'll be right up!
Whoa!
Where's the fire?
Uh. you know. work.
Lunch break's over.
Gotta go.
But we didn't even get to talk.
Oh. yeah.
it's all right.
Don't worry.
Will you come by later?
Sure. yeah. absolutely.
Bye.
Look. honey...
it isn't just that
it's dangerous.
Leo. whitelighters are supposed
to guide. not judge.
Just because I'm doing things
a little bit differently
doesn't mean there is a problem.
Piper. I'm your husband.
not just your
whitelighter.
and when you
speak to me like that.
there is a problem.
I can't help you
unless you talk to me.
It hurts to talk. Leo.
It hurts to breathe.
So unless you have some idea
of how to bring Prue back.
I don't want to talk right now.
Is that what you
don't want to say?
Is that you still blame me
for not being able
to bring her back?
No. Leo.
I don't blame you.
I blame evil.
Why... why do you think
I am doing all of this.
for kicks?
Honestly?
I think you're doing it because
it's easier than
confronting what
you're really feeling.
Demon.
What?
I have work to do.
Cole. Phoebe. let's go.
Nothing like a copy
room with a view.
Hey. Clearasil. what's poppin'?
Don't worry about him. Billy.
He's a jerk to everybody.
Yeah. I know.
That's why his mail
gets lost... frequently.
Hey. is there something
wrong with this copier?
The copier?
I don't think so.
I just ran off a whole bunch.
Everything keeps
coming up blank.
Are you trying to copy a book?
Nah. it's nothing.
It's cool.
Well. if-if you need me
to do it for you.
just say the word.
Thanks. You're sweet.
"Let the object of objection
"become but a dream.
as I cause the seen
to be unseen."
You okay. Billy?
Yeah. I-I just. uh.
got a little head rush.
Oh my. God. it worked!
Oh. my God!
Paige. is. uh. everything okay?
It will be from now on.
Piper. Cole and I
do not support you in this.
If you insist on doing it.
you are going in alone!
Okay. I'll see you at home.
Told you that wouldn't work.
It was worth a shot.
Wait a minute.
Do you smell smoke?
It's in there.
Stop! Stop! No!
Get back.
I'll blow it up.
Go on.
Uh. Piper?
Yeah. yeah! Crap!
Okay.
Piper!
Wha...?
Piper. let them go!
Uh-oh.
Th-Th-They're immune
to my powers.
Unfortunately. Cole isn't.
Piper. unfreeze him!
What if I blow him up?
Cole...
I'm gonna take out those
chain smoking bitches
if it's the last thing I do.
It might be
the last thing you do.
That's very supportive. Cole.
Whose side are you on?
At the moment.
I'm on Phoebe's side.
Well. the last time I checked.
Phoebe was still my sister.
which technically
puts her on my side.
Why are we arguing?
We're not arguing.
we're discussing.
Piper. you are arguing.
And. look. you're already hurt.
I'm fine.
You can't stop coughing.
And your control
over your powers
seems to be getting
worse. not better.
Well. our powers are
tied to our emotions.
so it makes sense
that they would be
a little off right now.
All the more reason to lay low.
These demons are dangerous.
All the more reason
to vanquish them.
Okay. that is what we do.
eliminate evil.
Regardless of the consequences.
Now you sound like Prue.
Okay. Cole. I'm going to
vanquish the cancer girls
with or without your help.
So either you tell me
what you know
or get out of the way.
They're called Furies.
Like from mythology?
The dog-faced women from hell?
They're modern knock-offs.
their MO is the same though.
They punish evildoers?
Exactly.
Wait. wouldn't that
make them good?
Well. these Furies
have no temperance.
They'll go after a shoplifter
as soon as a murderer
and they take great
pleasure in the kill.
Great.
Then we'll take great pleasure
in the vanquish.
What aren't you telling us?
So they go after evildoers.
Have they attacked you before?
When they focus
their thoughts on you.
they force you to hear the cries
of all your former victims.
You're not the demon
who did those things anymore.
Evil got The Book of Shadows.
How did evil get
The Book of Shadows?
Oh. no.
"Oh. no"?
Phoebe. a demon has
The Book of Shadows.
"Oh. no" doesn't quite cover it.
Let me go see
what I can find out.
No. wait.
Uh. Piper...
promise me you're not
gonna overreact.
Is that even possible?
I think that. uh. maybe...
Well. it might-might
be feasible
that. uh...
Paige borrowed The Book.
What? Why. why. why.
why would you think that?!
See. now this is what I meant
about overreacting.
It's just that I...
You let
Paige take The Book of Shadows
out of the manor?
Well. no. I did not let her.
It's just she left pretty quick
and...
it looks like she might have...
Out of the window?
Piper. I am...
Phoebe. why would you even
leave her alone with it?
Well. because she's our sister.
Not for long.
Are you coming?
To vanquish your sister?
I think I'll sit this one out.
It's unbelievable.
Maybe it was the light
from the copy machine.
God. this day is amazing.
I mean you went and got cute.
You think?
Totally.
And then my car loan
comes through.
like. out of nowhere.
My credit is worse than Paige's.
You know. I still
can't believe all this.
It's amazing.
Sir. I am taking
full responsibility
for being late
with the application.
I'm simply asking
for a deadline extension.
Well. I'm asking that
you not punish Adam O'Brien.
He's already had a tough enough
life for my mistake.
We're working fast
to straighten this thing out.
Sir. all I'm saying is..
"These words will travel
through the minds
"of stubborn parties and unbind
"the thoughts too rigid
to be kind.
a compromise they'll
dis-entwine."
How does 6:00 on Friday sound?
6:00 Friday is perfect.
Thank you so much.
Victory.
You got the extension?
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
You're into all that
witchy stuff. right?
Excuse me?
Well. I'm just thinking
that there must be something
in the stars today.
I mean Billy's face.
my car. now this.
Is there a full moon
or something?
I don't know.
but whatever it is.
I'm gonna call
my student loan sharks
and take full advantage of it.
Ooh. good.
Me. too.
You know. Paige...
as a lawyer.
I could get those
nasty creditors
off your back so easily.
And if you can't
afford to pay me.
I could always just
take it out in trade.
Or I could just sue your ass
for sexual harassment
and pay you with my big
fat punitive settlement.
The way you dress?
The judge would admire
my restraint.
That's it.
Perfect. I'll just change
"demon" to "dirtbag."
I don't understand how
someone can be that stupid.
I don't understand why
you haven't stopped ranting
since we left the house.
You're right. you're right.
I'm sorry.
Yes. Paige made a mistake.
A mistake?!
She stole from us.
She borrowed.
Borrowed.
She... she threw
our family heritage
out of the window.
Well. that's because
we never took the time
to explain its significance.
It was just a book to her.
Okay. Phoebe.
it's not just a book.
it's like... it-it-it is
like part of our family.
Paige is not a killer.
She didn't kill anyone.
And she's not a demon that
we're on our way to vanquish.
I get that. Phoebe.
Do you?
Because I don't think
that you do.
You all right?
Hey! Get away
from me!
Who's your mama?
What the hell is going on?
It's not funny!
Give Mama some sugar!
Whoo! Who's the man?!
You...
are so...
busted.
Hello.
You stole our sacred book
so you could perform magical
plastic surgery on yourself?!
You think I did this on purpose?
My body was perfectly fine
just as it was. thank you.
I mean it. get away from me!
Piper. you could have
just blown up
a dozen innocent people.
I took a chance.
See. are you listening
to yourself?
What happened?
I don't know. they just grew.
Oh. right.
and you had
nothing to do with that.
Did you cast any spells?
One.
Five.
Five?!
Okay. what did you do
just before
you turned into Betty Boop?
Well. I cast a spell on
the slimeball I work with
so I could give him a taste
of his own medicine.
Uh-huh.
That the slimeball?
And that's the backfire.
Backfire?
You misused magic to make him
the object of ogling.
and the spell backfired
and did the same thing to you.
Which you would have learned
if you had bothered to ask.
but now instead
of vanquishing demons.
we're gonna have to spend
the afternoon fixing your mess.
Okay. Piper. call Leo
and get him to orb
this slimeball back home.
We have to protect him
until we can figure out
a way to reverse the spell.
Paige and I will grab
The Book and meet you there.
Are my boobs gonna
stay this way forever?
Not if I can ever
find the spell.
What about Piper?
She gonna stay
mad at me forever?
No.
It's just. um...
she hasn't really
been herself lately.
You know. a lot of ups and downs
since Prue. you know.
like us all.
The last thing I wanted
to do was to add to
you guys' stress.
I just wanted
to get back at Donnie.
Yeah. and I understand
the temptation. Paige.
I really do.
But I told you. The Book
does not leave the house.
Right.
Sorry.
My boobs are in the way.
Can you put it
into third for me?
All right.
Ready? Here we go.
Did you find the spell yet?
No. but I...
found the demons.
Oh. my God.
What? You can't
say "demons"
followed by
"Oh. my God."
I'm new at this.
I'm likely to panic.
Okay. Uh...
Fury smoke kills
bad guys. right?
But in good people.
it looks for a portal
of unexpressed fury.
And?
It builds until it
consumes your humanity
and turns you into a Fury.
Um... we fought
the Furies today.
Piper got smoked.
Wait.
Are you saying that Piper's
turning into a demon?
It wouldn't be the first time.
Uh. step on it
and hit the clutch.
I'm going into fourth.
Ready?
On three.
One. two. three.
Oh!
Easy. Piper.
What. are you
protecting him now?
What the hell is going on?
And what's with the chicks?
They've gone crazy.
This "chick"
just saved your ass.
you sniveling ingrate.
Do...
Do you see what I mean?
Who said you could get up?
What's the matter with you?
Oh. my God.
Okay. honey. look.
I don't know what's going on.
but we really need to talk.
Leo. you know what?
I'm sick of talking.
Now we really need to talk.
Piper. you do not use
your powers on a mortal.
do you hear me?
Back away slowly. Leo.
What?
She's becoming a Fury.
There's no reasoning
with her now.
Piper. you're a good witch.
do you hear me?!
Fight this.
Oh. God. help! Ah!
No!
Cole!
I... Well...
That wasn't very nice.
Cole hit her with
an energy ball!
Leo. it was a low voltage.
Would you prefer he'd let
her kill an innocent?
I'd prefer that he wouldn't use
his demonic powers on my wife!
I can't believe that you
let him go look for her.
Oh. this is all my fault.
I shouldn't have stolen
the Book of Shadows.
You stole the Book of Shadows?!
Leo. Leo. concentrate. please.
I just hope he finds her fast.
because if this is anything
like the time
I turned into a banshee.
she's going to be hungry
for a kill.
I'm sorry. a banshee?
Yeah. a demonic screamer.
kind of trampy. feeds on pain.
I think I need to sit down.
Whoa!
Whoa.
Paige!
What?
You only said I couldn't
use magic to punish him.
Okay. Leo...
you orb Donnie back
to his office.
heal him there and then
make sure that he doesn't nark
us out for being witches.
How?
I don't know!
Be creative.
What about Piper?
You have to do your job.
and let us do ours.
We'll get your wife back.
I promise.
Um. I hate to ask.
but how are we going
to get his wife back?
I mean. she's kind
of a full-on demon.
No. she's not full-on.
she doesn't have the talons yet.
That probably comes
with the first kill.
Besides. if we were
able to save her
when she turned
into a wendigo...
A wendi what?
Um... a wendigo.
It's kind of like a werewolf.
only meaner.
Is this the spell that you used?
Uh-huh.
Is there some sort of spell
I could do. you know. in advance
so I could not become
maybe a banshee or...
What word did you
sub demon with?
Dirtbag.
Okay.
Hand.
Guided spirits.
hear our plea.
Annul this magic. let it be.
Please let it be!
Oh... do you think it worked
a little too well?
Stop!
I've been looking for you.
Damn it.
Why isn't it working?
Because Piper isn't a witch
anymore.
Can't you just scry
for evil. then?
Do you have any idea
how much evil
is running around San Francisco?
Damn it. Piper.
Whoa.
Cole. thank God...
Don't thank him yet.
You didn't find her?
I didn't get a chance to look.
Every time I used
my sensing powers.
a bounty hunter sensed me.
I fought off three of them.
I'm sorry.
No... it's... it's okay.
Somehow everything is going
to be okay.
I... I don't have
even a little idea
how everything's going
to be okay...
Phoebe...
You know why? Because nothing
is okay.
Phoebe...
My sister is a Fury.
my boyfriend is a demon...
Oh. baby. you're bleeding.
Phoebe!
Didn't you say you found me
because Piper cast a spell
to find a lost witch?
Yes. but I also said that
Piper's not a witch anymore.
Yes. but if I could substitute
the word dirtbag for demon.
why can't we substitute
the word sister for witch?
Would that work?
Well. no. not if she's already
looking for a kill.
The call won't be strong enough.
Why not?
Because of the pull of evil.
When I was possessed
by the Woogie.
the bloodlust was so strong...
Woogie?
Don't ask.
The point is.
I don't think she'll
answer the call.
Then we'll add bait.
No.
No... no.
Are you kidding me. no!
The Furies go after
evildoers. right?
Paige. we are not using
the love of my life as bait!
Oh. yes. we are.
It's perfect.
Cole. you have been
a demon for over a century.
That is a lot of victims.
The pain of their cries alone
can kill you.
Yes. but as you said.
I'm not the demon
who did those things anymore.
And if facing my crimes
helps save your sister...
Cole..
Phoebe!
I would do almost anything
for you. you know that.
But I will not be a coward
for you.
please don't ask me to be.
We'll need some of your blood.
Right.
Knife.
Power of the sisters rise.
Course unseen across the skies.
Come to us who call you near.
Come to us and settle here.
Blood to blood. I summon thee.
Blood to blood. return to me.
I know where evil dwells.
You sure about this?
I'm good at a lot of things.
waiting is not one of them.
Honey. what are you doing?
I'm trying
to do that orb thingy.
I can't seem
to get the hang of it though.
What happened?
You orbed.
I did?
It's a fear response.
So until
you learn
how to control it.
you just have to...
Get scared?
Pretty much.
All right.
Well. that shouldn't
be too difficult.
Good.
Then we will orb.
we will levitate. we will
juggle knives if we have to.
just to keep the Furies
distracted from Cole.
Okay. but what I don't get
is how we un-demon Piper
once she gets here.
Well. we have to close
the portal of unexpressed fury.
Unexpressed? I think she's
been raging for days.
That's 'cause there's
something she's not saying.
Which is?
I don't know.
But I think I have an idea.
They're close.
Paige!
I did it again.
I'm so sorry.
Phoebe!
Nice decoy. Piper. Two points.
Cole.
Come on.
Lamp!
Sorry.
Really sorry.
Cole is not your problem.
Piper. and you know it.
Book!
Please let there be
something in here.
Cole. don't!
You think I abandoned you.
You think it's my fault
that Prue died.
You blame me. just admit it.
You don't want to kill me Piper.
you don't even know me.
It's not about me.
it's not about Phoebe. is it?
Leo!
Phoebe's not the sister
who abandoned you. It's Prue!
Leo. do something!
Where did he take them?
To what Piper's really angry at.
Tell her. Piper.
It's all right to hate her.
You should hate her.
When my parents died.
I hated them for it.
I was alone and I hated them.
It is okay to hate Prue!
How dare you!
How dare you leave me?!
How could you go and die
and leave me here all alone?!
Please come back!
I need you. Please come back.
It's okay.
It's not okay.
She risked her life every day
and she never thought
about what would happen
to me and Phoebe
if she was gone.
I know.
How could she think that
I could live without her?
Did you sleep?
Yeah.
Actually better
than I have in a while.
It's quiet. isn't it?
Early and late.
It's just really. really quiet.
Prue was always the first
one up and the last one down.
It's strange
the things that you miss.
So... how scary was I?
Heck. I've seen worse.
I've been worse.
But. uh...
well. Paige...
She completely freaked?
No. She handled it.
Better than most
people would. I think.
She saved your life.
She definitely is a Halliwell...
last name or no.
I know I haven't been
the most welcoming.
I just...
I miss Prue so much.
It's hard to imagine
opening up to someone else.
With everything that
happens in our lives.
love just feels like
an invitation for more pain.
So maybe. um...
maybe you don't start with love.
Maybe you just
start with thanks.
Muffins. Thanks.
Busy work.
I'm best in the kitchen.
Prue was the one
that liked to. uh. chase demons.
Man. he's like
a whole new Donnie.
What did Leo say to him?
Um... I don't know.
He's a miracle worker.
that husband of mine.
So. how are you?
I've had bad hours.
and hours
that aren't quite so bad.
I guess you know how it is.
Yeah.
When my parents died.
there were some days I didn't
think I'd survive the sadness.
It'll never be okay
that she's gone. Piper.
But I promise
it will get better.
You know.
Leo could fix that for you.
Oh. it's my first war wound.
Think I'll wear it with pride.
Unfortunately. in this family.
it will not be the last.
Well. every family
has its pros and its cons.
A couple of demon battles
in exchange for the power
to clear up my friend's skin.
I'd say it's worth it.
The power to what?
He's cute. isn't he?
You should have
seen him yesterday.
Okay. uh. you saved my life.
so I guess we're even
on the Book of Shadows swipe.
But. um. Paige. there are rules
to being a witch.
Rules that you will have
to learn and follow.
Well. not to be difficult.
but you're married
to our whitelighter
and Phoebe's
shacking up with a demon.
so on balance.
maybe my friend can stay cute?
Okay.
My. my. my.
That pile looks
about the same size
as it did about an hour ago.
Oh. that was my fault.
I distracted her with muffins.
And you are?
I'm her sister.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today